feat: add summary for #294 (#356)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/294/content.adoc

Date: 27-06-2026

Duration: 1 hr 51 mins

==== Topics Discussed

> * The community hosted link:https://talks.ourtech.community/13[OTC Talk #13^] during this session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OTC Talks #13 took place, followed by the weekly catch-up session.
    ** link:https://talks.ourtech.community/13[Prompting, Fine-Tuning, or Knowledge Grounding? Building Smarter Copilot Apps^]
```

* Ishan Sharma showcased his startup, Cardboard. 

>     ** He shared the behind-the-scenes story and his journey of getting accepted into link:https://www.ycombinator.com[Y Combinator (YC)^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** He shared his story of building the startup and the journey of getting accepted into link:https://www.ycombinator.com[Y Combinator (YC)^].
```
